USF-1132: Team feedback on initial Implementation Guide (#89)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/get-started/index.mdx

## Big picture

> The purpose of this tutorial is to help you quickly create a new Edge Delivery Services storefront using the [Commerce boilerplate template](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/tree/main). The boilerplate provides a starter storefront that uses a pre-configured Adobe Commerce environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tutorial helps you quickly create a new Edge Delivery Services storefront using the [Commerce boilerplate template](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce/tree/main). The boilerplate provides a starter storefront that uses a pre-configured Adobe Commerce environment. 
```
